This is the source for Microemacs 3.10e8+a.  I got it as 3.10e8 (I
assume that files ending in .orig are previous to the 8 extension)
The "+a" means my additions are included.  Other than a couple of
bug fixes, if you want the "official" 3.10e8 version, take the
files with the ".fr" suffix and rename them to  the same name with
out the suffix.  Also change the makefile to not reference amaranth.*

A short list of improvements:

Searches are now case sensitive by default, like most other Emaces.
Add mode ICASE to ignore case.

Added reg-expr-search (bound to M-/) and reverse-reg-expr-search to 
use regular expression matching even when not in MAGIC mode.  (This
removes any need to use MAGIC mode, which is kind of non-intuitive
anyway).

Improved the word definition routine so $12.00 is a word now.

Transpose-words (M-T) will flip words.  Twiddle-words is a synonym

Transpose-lines (M-^T) will flip lines.  Twiddle-lines is a synonym.

Twiddle-chars ALWAYS twiddles the two chars before the cursor.  Transpose-chars
  is a synonym.

Added kill ring (multiple kill buffers).  This has the following commands:
 *  yank-previous (^X-^Y) yanks previously killed thing.  Called with arg
      will yank nth killed thing, up to a max of KSIZE items.  By default,
      the kill ring can have eight things in it.
 *  index-kill-ring (M-^I) moves kill ring pointer back by its arg (default 1)
      value so next yank will get something else.
 *  kill-this-yank-that (M-Y) will kill what you just yanked, index the kill
      ring back one and yank that.  An argument will yank the nth thing.  You
      can cycle through the entire kill ring with this.  Have to yank something
      first, though.
 *  display-kill-ring will show what is in the kill ring, not currently bound.

Filewrite (^X-^W) now will use the default name if you just hit return, instead
  of doing nothing.

I bound CNTRL-<space> to "space" rather than next-line 'cause when I indent
I like to ^U-^<space> over to where I want.  If you don't like that, make
the change in ebind.h

See the file amaranth.c for a full description of all the changes.
Send comments and suggestions to me at the address in amaranth.c
